welcome to the really awkward podcast
and Welcome to our beautiful guest today
do you want to introduce yourself I'm
Anthony Bower 24 years old um currently
in Dubai and a professional basketball
player for
Germany that's amazing first of all
congratulations to your career would you
say you found your life purpose with
this career that you're doing right now
as a basketball
player um I think life purpose is
something bigger than
basketball yeah but I've I found my
passion and I found a passion with what
I can make money and I think that's
already very nice so what do you mean
then what what is bigger than already
your passion and you make money and you
can afford a beautiful life and you do
what you
love um basketball is not going to let
last you know for forever especially not
for you know like basketball ends with
35 later or 40 you know so you have to
think of also later and I think
basketball is um it's not it's not my
purpose I feel like purpose is maybe
more to be a good human or you know
bigger things you know how you approach
life how uh like maybe making a family
or like you know what kind of human
being you want to be and how you want to
approach life in general not just one
thing you do for uh like a small small
amount of years in your life that's so
interesting because you are 24 right and
when do you think you started to have
this kind of mindset I think when you
were maybe starting with basketball
maybe you thought that's your like life
purpose or you always knew that's not
your life purpose like there is
something
more um I always thought it's something
more to than basketball actually I
didn't I didn't had the dream to be a
basketball player when I was young it
just more or less happened because I
grew a lot and uh I got pretty tall
taller than I expected actually because
my parents were pretty are not that that
big or you know so I thought more I'm
going to end up at 6 foot I ended up at
6' 7 so then everything fell into place
and I had a chance to become a
professional um but actually I started
very late with um ambitious basketball
and then it got pretty fast but I never
had the dream really to become a pro
basketball player you know it was just
like it fell into place it was it became
a passion and then I enjoyed doing it
and I continued doing it but it was
never like I said that's my purpose you
know what I mean for life I think I
think also bigger than basketball you
know I think okay what should I do later
what what can I do besides of basketball
you know and I'm interested in a lot of
different things you know so just
basketball to say that is my purpose
that is my you know in basketball you
say ball is life so I don't know if I
would you know say only basketball is is
my life you know yeah that's that's
interesting that's really interesting so
when you were younger what you wanted to
be or what you dreamed of being or doing
actually I wanted to be an actor back
then yeah when I was really young I
wanted to be an actor and then um but
then you
know becoming an actor is is is kind of
it's kind of hard I feel like especially
when you come from you know not this
background and then uh you know I just I
just stick to playing basketball you
know but still I enjoy maybe sometimes I
have some model jobs and I enjoy that to
do that I do that as a side hle at the
moment here in Dubai and um yeah enjoy
it sometimes yeah I see you too in front
of the camera Maybe
as an actor or model definitely I mean
you you look great like I can't say
anything thank you you definitely look
great and so you say you're interested
in different things are there any other
things than now basketball modeling and
acting um yeah I'm interested in
business uh I'm interested in uh in
people in general you know and um yeah
I'm I'm interested in a lot of things
and basketball is just right now the
thing I do the most because I feel like
it gives me this Edge or this um this uh
it opens me a door into life you know so
there's a lot of players who start with
sports and then end up to be a
businessman for example but on the start
you need to make your say you got to
open the door for you you know
especially if you come from a poor
background I I would say you know so
then you need to do something either way
you go the basic way way you go studying
and then you know try to get a chance
with that or you you know get to be a
professional athlete then you meet
certain important people and then you
get from there you know so you why do
you say you come from a poor background
I mean that's very like broad I think so
what you what do you see or what is the
the main thing where you say hey I'm
coming from a poor background I don't I
don't come from a poor poor background
especially not you know it's not
comparable with uh with Dubai uh or the
poor people in Dubai let's say but you
know in Germany I would say it's lower
middle class you know um not like house
you know nice car dog and stuff it's
more like you
know the you know not so good area
smaller apartment you know know like
parents are struggling here and there
with work you know it's more this you
know so not like a no I'm not rich yet
not at all I'm on my way but no not I'm
not rich at all yet I wouldn't consider
myself rich in a financial way yet but
in a life way you feel you feel rich I
mean of course I mean you you do what
you love you earn good money you can
afford to be here like what do you want
more I want money more actually you know
I want to earn more money but the rest
I'm completely fine I don't I don't like
anything you know I don't I'm not in a
place to complain in any in any in any
form yeah so your parents are also from
German my dad is uh French my mom is
German from the Eastern from the cish
Republic um border like Bavarian
forest look so I don't know I would give
you maybe some Eastern touch yeah like a
lot of people um you know uh a lot of
people try to guess my my my her like my
looks or like my you know my ethnicity
but yeah I'm actually half French half
uh half German looking more like a
Spanish guy or something what is it
called your business right now I'm inan
your job as a basketball player how do
you feel when you go on the basketball
court like does this give you energy do
you feel
like that's like it's just you know you
turn you you turn off all your
surroundings and you just feel in this
flow while you're doing this yeah 100%
like I at the moment I start my day at 6
o' playing basketball on the outside
Court here um with some
sudanes uh players and uh yeah it's
great like for me that's the perfect
start to into the day and um yeah it's
just how you say you know I I completely
forget forget everything because it's
not like you know lifting weights or the
gym where you have so much space in
between sets or something like this you
are Focus you care about your movements
and um you know and I love this Mo I
love the movements I love the
competition um and I also love the
social socializing about it you know
meeting with the guys in the morning
talking a little bit that sets me up for
the day you
know for me that sounds like my life
purpose so right now I'm trying out
different things right I met you in the
street interviews that's yeah one thing
one thing I do and I'm just because I
I'm trying to find something that I I
would call my life purpose like
something that I just love to do
something that gives me energy something
that because I truly believe when you do
something that gives you energy that
makes you happy and that gives you that
sets you in this High vibration while
doing it and you forget your your time
your everything I think when you're
doing this money and everything else
will will flow will will fall into place
automatically and that's why I'm so
curious like when you say okay that's
not my life purpose I mean yeah that's
not everything in life but I think
really you're in in such an precious
place to to play to do something to have
found this thing that you say hey I'm
doing it just for the sake of doing it
and it just happen that I get money from
it it's like it's such a wonderful place
to be in that's why I'm I'm like Curious
like what else do you see as your life
purpose um so I agree to a certain point
you know like yes I enjoy playing
basketball but to be honest the road to
get there is not always high energy and
fun and fun and you know rainbows in
sunshine you know it's like very hard
times also to become a professional
athlete it's not you know how you say
you know like just every time I'm super
fulfilled in practice no sometimes the
coach yells at me like crazy sends me
out I don't play I travel like whatever
5 hours 10 hours to a game I sit on the
bench I go back that's not where I feel
very high vibration you know but at the
end it's still my passion you know when
I play on the outside Court you know but
if you do something professionally or
something on a serious level there's
going to be times where it's not going
to be fun and um I think that's with
everything in life yeah I think so too
so that's why I mean it has already main
part the the one part where I say okay
that's the life purpose and of course
like you cannot I think you can never
like say okay this is my like this is my
passion or my life purpose I love to do
this this gives me actually everything
what I need like I think when you have
found this one thing you don't need
anything else everything else like
partner family money is just a
additional thing you know I don't see it
as
um as there is a need of money yeah you
need to survive but it's not it's the
ego mind talking to you yeah I need more
money I need a family but actually like
you have found this one thing and of
course like you like you said that's
life it goes up it goes down like there
would be no up without down there would
be no down without up so yeah that's why
I think it's so amazing that you do this
and it's even nicer to hear that you
didn't even plan to do that so you were
just playing basketball because you
loved it and then you were like what
happened how how did you get to make
money with this or how did you end up
being a professional basketball
player it was just by by accident um
yeah just a little bit how you say with
it fell into place you know I grew I was
working out a lot I was training a lot I
was enjoying it and I did a lot of
different sports you know but somehow I
chose basketball after a while you know
I was playing soccer I was playing
tennis and then you know the social part
about basketball also played a big role
why I chose the sport when I was young
and then you know I liked to be in the
company of my teammates you know also
that the teammates were different than
in tennis you know tennis you have um
you have different people than in
basketball that's for sure and then I
just enjoyed I I just I just enjoyed the
company I enjoyed you know going to a
away game and everything about it so
then actually yeah it went it fell into
play
and then it went really fast afterwards
so you play tennis as well yeah I played
tennis a little bit when I was young I
did Judo I did soccer I did
uh what else badminton or something like
this yeah yeah that's nice I mean I get
the the social part also for me right
now I think the main reason why I do
that is like to get to know people to to
just go out I just love to talk to
people I love to to be around people I I
just love that and
so there is for you a difference to play
in in a basketball team for example then
of course Tenn is you're 101 or what
El's to do exactly yeah you are more you
know you are with with your dad he
drives you to the tournament then you're
alone pressure on you also it makes it
easier if you can't really fail and you
know you are in a team so it's easier to
swallow the to swallow the the the L and
you know the the the the losing part you
know it's easier if you lose as a team
it's easier than alone because you know
you can make maybe even you know push it
on somebody else um but yeah that's
definitely um that's definitely it
that's interesting so how do you deal
with with losing in in any sports I
think it's it's difficult to deal with
this situation right actually you you
don't change you know it's a system you
build up a system of of of
succeeding that mean that's your routine
and um you know you wake up in the
morning you do your workout you read
right you you go to sleep the same time
stuff like this which going to set you
up for for success in life and if you
don't if you lose it's part of it and
then you just do the same system you
don't go home and say oh yeah now it's
up and now I'm I'm kind of I'm
kind of you know I'm down or I'm gonna
eat something like this no no you
do the same exact routine you go home
you eat correct you know maybe you go
out with your friends more if you but
like you to the same system losing or
winning but you're 24 right it's it's
for me it's crazy because i' I mean I've
met a lot of guys and girls and I see
always I find always that guys the the
mentality or the mindset in in that case
is is not like girls would have it like
in in an early age so I'm curious where
did you learn to have this mindset it's
then it's not from the sports when you
see it already as something you
implement anyways in life yeah I um I I
read books self self how to say how to
call them self self development books
you know I had a mentor in Croatia where
I played one year um who helped me a lot
um also in in mindset um in the mindset
field and then
also yeah it's just also common sense I
think as a as a as a athlete it's it's
quite common sense you know because you
also need to grow up a little bit faster
even I didn't really I felt you know
like so but like as a athlete you have
responsibility you know early to come to
come to come on time to to to to to
speak professionally you know and um
yeah I think this pressure also helped
me to mature a little bit yeah so when
did you start again to do um or to be a
professional sports guy I would say
because you did different things right
ambiti like I started 17 with ambitious
basketball and then like signed my first
contract like real contract with 19 and
then you know like that's pretty late
you know for people who pursue a
professional career they start with 12
13 14 they already you know really on a
high level I was training once a week in
the club when I was 15 16 you know I was
I was on the outside court on the on the
here on a court like this um just
playing with with with some randoms but
I enjoyed training you know and I I just
I just trained like crazy you know when
I was young like three times a day just
like out of
enjoyment okay but then you got this
mindset from from your Mentor through
sports right yeah but my mentor came
when I was 21 oh and you had before
already this mindset not everything but
you know a little bit of this no like
it's just a German thing or I don't know
I'm not really German you know I'm not
like my both my both of my parents are
not really like 100% German I would say
you know but it's just yeah maybe I have
some discipline I have discipline and
you know that comes maybe from my dad
who who who maybe you know showed it
with me like uh you know led by example
with that you know he just he has also a
lot of discipline and maybe that's why
it felt easy for me you know to to also
train a lot I know you know those guys
who train two weeks and then and then
like oh yeah now I quit and then they
start something else and then they quit
again
so I'm not a quitter I always I always
continued what I what I started more or
less and I'm curious because I just
remember you said before your parents
are not tall why do you think are you so
tall I mean you're how tall are you two
meters yeah I'm 2 meters like six seven
and inches
um different like it's I'm telling you
like I drank a lot of milk I was a happy
kid which I think is actually the most
important thing to grow in the if if
you're young and you are not happy and
you know you're in a depression or the
energy goes in a different way goes into
other things but if you're a happy kid
and uh and you eat right and you do
Sports and you work out it go into you
can work yeah because it's a luxury
thing to be tall you know if you that's
true oh thank you where do you see
yourself in let's say three to five
years um interesting question um it
depends on how it goes you know I have
some projects in my mind uh which um
contain living in Dubai you know in
Winters and you know trying to trying
[Music]
to yeah trying to make those those those
those projects happen and then uh live
in Dubai in Winter living in Europe in
summer traveling a lot having good
people around myself enjoying my time
while making money while P while
continuing in my career and and setting
myself up pretty uh you know in a good
way so I can you know enjoy life with
people I like so now you're not really
saying where you want to go is that
because you believe in the devil's eye
not at all but it's not it's not it's
not sure yet what uh so it's a project
maybe next time if we meet we can we can
talk about it but at the moment is um is
not is not is not official so but yeah I
have things in my mind
which would would take place in Dubai
and uh possible that it's going to be
soon that's nice so you want to in
future like in three to five years you
want to quit completely basketball no no
basketball is part of the part of the
thing okay it's part of course and when
do you want to have a family 33 oh you
have it planned like 33 wait a second oh
you have yeah you have still long time
actually years years do you believe in
in I mean let's say it brought zodiac
signs but no no I mean I mean yeah you
told me because your first stat no no no
but actually I did like this numerology
uh thing on the phone last time and it
was actually pretty pretty pretty
correct you know so I don't know there
is weird things in this life you know
but uh but yeah there zodiac signs no
but actually numerology is can be
interesting maybe maybe I don't know
yeah I mean I think once you once you
like go more into these topics I think
you you will like it because it's
actually not about zodiac signs it's
more about I will show you one of my
friends he's from Austria and he's like
he was also before he was professional
football player and then he he came into
these topics and now he's explaining
what is exactly behind that so it's not
about zodiac s it's every let's say
every zodiac sign is actually just an
energy like Leo has another energy that
than Scorpio Scorpio is another energy
than Sagittarius whatever and we as a
human we can Implement all these
energies so it's actually it's more like
um understanding of life and
understanding of um how to deal with
every situation in life because not
everyone has like this mindset like you
and with people who who are for example
suffering about with themselves or for
themselves or from themselves even it
can be so helpful to know hey actually
like I want to build a business actually
I just have to go more into my Leo
energy I have to be more outgoing I have
to be more like more disciplined more
whatever you know so yeah through my
friend from Austria like through him I
understood there is way more behind it
and it was so interesting but I
understand like tell me more about your
date last
time I understand you don't like this
topic at all ah it's okay you know I'm
open to everything I'm not you know I'm
not but like sometimes I I'm thinking of
yeah it's maybe it's yeah but
like I'm I'm open to everything I don't
judge yeah I mean yeah let's let's say
it like this there are there are some
parts the the part that is in the
newspaper I think you can forget about
this but there is way more behind that I
have also a couple questions just one or
two oh okay yes I'm open for it yes so
you know like you asked me about purpose
so I wanted to ask you back you know
what is your purpose and uh how did you
find you know or how did you got to be
an influencer how did you um yeah find
your way and uh how did you decide to do
what you do you know with uh I I I I saw
on your profile you do a little bit of
only fans you do a little bit of this
and that you know like how did you
choose to do this
or like also be you know transparent
with what you do I mean I think it's a
long like I think I can tell you not
hours of my story but I'm like as a
child I think I was very insecure with
myself I didn't really know like I I'm
also not coming from a rich family I was
just with my mom and um it was difficult
for me to really understand who I am
what I want even as a child already so I
always felt wrong in place and but I
always knew growing up I always like I
was working here and there and I had
responsibilities when I was very young
already and I knew like when I'm older I
don't want to work to be honest like I
just don't want to so I don't really
want to like work hard like I just knew
that from the beginning but I also want
to have a nice life so I I didn't really
know how that works for me and I was
living in Spain sometimes when for three
years when I was very anorexic
and I didn't really have this fire for
life at that moment and I just um for
some reason I just started to make
pictures of myself and post them on
Instagram and it just made me realize
how sick I actually look so that was the
first step into me starting with
Instagram and people were just super
interested in in my journey of gaining
weight and and doing sports and and
whatever I do with my life and then it
just actually it just happened like I
just gained followers and then I was
going back to Austria I continued doing
my stuff share just sharing my life and
being super honest actually I was never
like I didn't really care like I didn't
care how I talk into the camera I did
the most stupid and said the most stupid
stuff because I just didn't care I just
was like I I think I like the attention
from other people and then I decided to
move to Dubai in
covid and when I came
here I started to do personal trainings
and I started to make a lot of money and
then I realized hey there is actually
there are so many girls making a lot of
money with only fans and I did that
anyways on Instagram I like to show my
body because that's what helped me to
gain weight from anorexia to where I am
now and to like my body and then I said
okay when I'm doing it anyways like why
not getting money for it and that's when
I I started doing only fans and yeah I
made some money but then I realized hey
but wait a second it's nice to to not
have anything to do all day it's nice
for some time it's like a holiday from
life but I realized I I want more you
know I want to I still don't know who I
am I still I still don't know what
what's my purpose what's my passion like
I want to find some something that I
wake up every morning and I say it's
another day like I can't wait to to wake
up I can't wait to to do something for
me or for other people something that
fulfills me from inside that's why I
think it's it's so amazing what you do
and that's what I'm doing right now like
I I want to to actually I want to with
time stop only fans now it's paying my
bills I'm grateful for that thanks God
but I don't so it's your main income
Source yeah right now and takes care of
everything what you do yes yes I
actually don't know if I should say that
on theast because I said I'm living
living in but yeah at the moment that's
I mean to be honest I still do some
collaborations on on Instagram and I
still do some personal trainings but now
and then I'm not focused on that but
this other part is paying my bills at
the moment and I'm just like trying to
find something else that completely
fulfills me and I know that money will
follow anyways like and then I can stop
this yeah I mean it's it's nice to hear
that you find your way and also interupt
you to to to get where you are now you
know because you know in social media is
a lot of fake yeah uh everything
everybody works on her on their on their
picture you know like you can never
really trust on a picture anymore you
know but you know I saw you really
transparent with what you do with your
body and and this and that and uh
interesting for maybe also other people
yeah that uh this this authentic uh kind
of
um Instagram account is can can help you
also yeah it can definitely help and to
be honest like I tried to to go or I was
just going like my life was flowing into
the way of editing a lot and and
focusing a lot on how I look like like
editing here editing there making my
waist smaller and these things and to be
honest this brought me in a deeper hole
than than anything else in my life it
just because you're not true to yourself
and it makes you it makes such a big gap
between yourself and and what you show
to others so yeah I think it was good to
experience that but now I'm just like I
just want to remove all these layers of
showing things that they are maybe not
and yeah any other question that's
that's it for now okay I was just
interested you know you would how you
would answer no it's very nice it's very
nice and thank you so much for coming
welcome and yeah thank you for listening
to the podcast I hope you will look for
the look forward for the next one and
give me a like or a comment or whatever
if you like it and if not
not and see you in the next video byebye
bye bye